[ADD] inventory: product type (#8091)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/product_management/product_tracking/type.rst

============
Product type
============

.. |BOM| replace:: :abbr:`BoM (Bill of Materials)`

> Define *product types* in Odoo to determine how the database keeps track of the product.

Reviewer: I think this intro sentence could use a brief elaboration to better help the reader understand what product types are

Author: Done! :D

```suggestion
Define *product types* in Odoo to track products in varying levels of detail.

Classify products as *storable* to track stock counts, allowing users to trigger :doc:`reordering
rules <../product_replenishment/reordering_rules>` for generating purchase orders. *Consumable*
products are assumed to always be in stock, and *service* products are performed and served by the
business.
```

.. seealso::
   `Odoo Tutorials: Product Type <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l6j0ZkP5mLM>`_

Set product type
================

> To set a product type, go to to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Products --> Product` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set a product type, go to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Products --> Product` and
```

selecting the desired product.

On the product form, in the :guilabel:`Product Type` field, select:

- :guilabel:`Storable` for products tracked with stock counts. Only storable products can trigger
  reordering rules for generating purchase orders.

.. tip::
   Choose :guilabel:`Storable` if it is necessary to track a product's stock at various locations,
   inventory valuation, or lots and serial numbers.

> - :guilabel:`Consumable` are items always assumed to be in stock, but with untracked and
>   unforecasted quantities. Examples include nails, toilet paper, and coffee—replaceable, essential,
>   but exact counts are unnecessary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Consumable` products are items always assumed to be in stock, but with untracked and
  unforecasted quantities (e.g., nails, toilet paper, and coffee). Consumables are replaceable and essential,
  but exact counts are unnecessary
```

> - :guilabel:`Service` are products are services performed by the business that is for sale (e.g.
>   maintenance, installation, repair)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Service` products are services performed and sold by the business (e.g.,
  maintenance, installation, repair)
```

.. image:: type/product-form.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Set a product type on the product form.

.. note::
   The product types listed above are part of the standard *Inventory* app. For access to the fields
   below, install the corresponding apps **in addition** to *Inventory*.

   To install additional applications, navigate to :menuselection:`Apps` and select the
   :guilabel:`Activate` button to install the desired apps or modules.

- :guilabel:`Booking Fees`: charge a fee for booking appointments through the *Calendar* and
  *Appointment* apps. Requires the :guilabel:`Pay to Book` module to be installed

> - :guilabel:`Combo`: create discounted products sold in a bundle, available with the *POS* app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Combo`: create discounted products sold in a bundle, available with the *POS* app
```
Is it POS or PoS? Genuinely asking, could be worth a check

Author: @brse-odoo Looks like in our Odoo docs, we use POS. However, it's written by the BE team, and idk how much they care about maintaining style consistency. I'll use PoS, since it more accurately represents the spelled out "Point of Sale" (: We use BoM instead of BOM, after all.

  installed
- :guilabel:`Event Ticket`: sell tickets to attend an event. Requires installation of the *Events*
  app
- :guilabel:`Event Booth`: charge customers for setting up a booth. Requires installation of the
  *Events* app

> - :guilabel:`Course`: sell access to an educational course. Requires installation of the *eLearning*

Reviewer: Just a note - some of these bullets end with a period, some don't - I think it'd be nice to end them all the same way consistently

Author: Thanks for pointing it out!

>   app.

Author: ```suggestion
  app
```

Compare types
=============

Below is a summary of how each product type affects common *Inventory* operations, like transfers,

> reordering rules, and the forecasted report. Click the chart item with an asterisk(*) to navigate to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
reordering rules, and the forecasted report. Click the chart item with an asterisk (*) to navigate to
```

     - :ref:`Yes* <inventory/product_management/on-hand-con>`
     - No
   * - :doc:`Inventory valuation
       <../../warehouses_storage/inventory_valuation/using_inventory_valuation>`
     - Yes
     - No
     - No
   * - Create transfer
     - :ref:`Yes* <inventory/product_management/transfer-store>`
     - :ref:`Yes* <inventory/product_management/transfer-con>`
     - :ref:`No* <inventory/product_management/transfer-serv>`
   * - :doc:`Lot/serial number tracking <differences>`
     - Yes
     - No
     - No
   * - Appears on :doc:`Replenishment report <../product_replenishment/strategies>`
     - Yes
     - :ref:`No* <inventory/product_management/replenish>`
     - No
   * - Can be manufactured or subcontracted
     - :ref:`Yes* <inventory/product_management/manufacture>`
     - :ref:`Yes* <inventory/product_management/manufacture>`
     - No
   * - Can be in a kit
     - Yes
     - Yes
     - No
   * - Placed in package
     - Yes
     - :ref:`Yes* <inventory/product_management/package>`
     - No
   * - Appears on Inventory report
     - Yes
     - No
     - No

.. _inventory/product_management/on-hand-store:

On-hand quantity
----------------

> A storable product's on-hand and forecasted quantity based on incoming and outgoing orders are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A storable product's on-hand and forecasted quantities, based on incoming and outgoing orders, are
```
Since these are two separate quantities

reflected on the product form, accessed by going to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Products -->
Products`.

.. figure:: type/on-hand.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Show "On Hand" and "Forecast" smart buttons.

   Current and forecasted quantities displayed in the **On Hand** and **Forecasted** smart buttons
   on the product form.

.. _inventory/product_management/on-hand-con:

On the other hand, consumable products are regarded as always available, and they cannot be managed
using reordering rules or lot/serial numbers.

.. _inventory/product_management/transfer-store:

Create transfer
---------------

*Transfers* are any warehouse operation, such as receipts, internal or batch transfers, or
deliveries.

When creating a transfer for storable products in the *Inventory* app, transfers modify the on-hand
quantity at each location. For example, when five units of product is moved from the internal

> location `WH/Stock` to `WH/Packing Zone`, the five units recorded at `WH/Stock` is decreased, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
location `WH/Stock` to `WH/Packing Zone`, the five units recorded at `WH/Stock` is decreased, and the
```

five units recorded at `WH/Packing Zone` is increased.

.. _inventory/product_management/transfer-con:

For consumable products, although transfers can be created, the exact quantities at each storage
location are not tracked.

.. _inventory/product_management/transfer-serv:

Service products cannot be included in transfers, but these products can be `linked to projects and
tasks for deadline tracking <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fix2LGkv13c>`_.

Replenishment
-------------

The replenishment report, accessed by going to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Operations -->

> Replenishment` is a list of products that have a negative forecasted quantity and have manual

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replenishment` is a list of products that have a negative forecasted quantity, **and** have manual
```
Just placing emphasis on this since both conditions are needed to appear here

reordering rules configured to generate purchase orders to replenish the quantities.

.. seealso::
   :doc:`../product_replenishment/strategies`

> Only storable products appear on the replenishment report.

Reviewer: Is this important enough of a fact to get its own admonition?

.. _inventory/product_management/replenish:

Although consumable products do not appear on the replenishment report, the :guilabel:`Replenish`
button is available on the product form of consumable products in :menuselection:`Inventory app -->
Products --> Products`.

.. image:: type/replenish.png
   :align: center
   :alt: alt text

Since quantities of consumable products, users must manually enter the :guilabel:`Quantity` to order

> in the :guilabel:`Low on stock? Let's replenish` pop-up window.

Reviewer: I think this sentence needs clarification - I'm not sure what it's trying to say

.. _inventory/product_management/manufacture:

Manufacture or subcontract
--------------------------

Storable and consumable products can both be manufactured, subcontracted, or included in a bill of
materials (BoM).

.. figure:: type/manufacture.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Show "Bill of Materials" and "Used In" smart buttons.

   When the **Bill of Materials** and **Used In** smart buttons are visible on the product form,
   this indicates the product can be manufactured or used as a component of a |BOM|.

.. _inventory/product_management/package:

Packaged
--------

> Storable and consumable products can both be placed in packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both storable and consumable products can be placed in packages.
```

.. seealso::
   :doc:`package`

> However, for consumable products, the quantity is not tracked, and the product is not be listed in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, for consumable products, the quantity is not tracked, and the product is not listed in
```

the package's :guilabel:`Contents`, accessed by going to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Products
--> Packages` and selecting the desired package.

.. figure:: type/package-content.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Show Packages page, containing the package contents list.

   A consumable product was placed in the package, but the **Content** list does not list it.

> If the *Move Entire Package* feature is enabled, moving a package that contains updates the location

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the *Move Entire Package* feature is enabled, moving a package that contains updates the location
```
A package that contains what?

Set product type
================

To set a product type, go to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Products --> Product`, and select
the desired product.

On the product form, in the :guilabel:`Product Type` field, select:

- :guilabel:`Storable Product` for products tracked with stock counts. Only storable products can
  trigger reordering rules for generating purchase orders

  .. tip::
    Choose :guilabel:`Storable Product` if it is necessary to track a product's stock at various
    locations, inventory valuations, or if the product has lots and/or serial numbers.

- :guilabel:`Consumable`: products that are always assumed to be in stock, but with untracked and
  unforecasted quantities (e.g. nails, toilet paper, coffee, etc.). Consumables are replaceable and
  essential, but exact counts are unnecessary
- :guilabel:`Service`: perform and sell services (e.g. maintenance, installation, repair)

  .. image:: type/product-form.png
    :align: center
    :alt: Set a product type on the product form.

.. note::
   The product types listed above are part of the standard *Inventory* app. For access to the fields

>    below, :ref:`install <general/install>` the corresponding apps **in addition** to *Inventory*.

Reviewer 2: The ref is not formatting in the HTML here. Did you mean to link to [this doc](https://www.odoo.com/documentation/17.0/applications/general/apps_modules.html)?

Author: I'm not sure what you mean by "not formatting in the HTML".

This is the rendered result I see:
![image](https://github.com/odoo/documentation/assets/23611711/2700078f-c5ae-46aa-ae3f-70bac27ec634)

And when I click on the link, I go to:
![image](https://github.com/odoo/documentation/assets/23611711/739ff09f-479a-405a-8290-9162c5e12b49)

I do intend to link to the doc you listed, but specifically, the "Install apps and modules" section

![image](https://github.com/odoo/documentation/assets/23611711/8676e0ea-08eb-43b4-9868-68ad7ba2ee06)

> - :guilabel:`Booking Fees`: charge a fee for booking appointments through the *Appointment* app.

Reviewer 2: missing an `s` here 😉 
```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Booking Fees`: charge a fee for booking appointments through the *Appointments* app.
```

============
Product type
============

.. |BOM| replace:: :abbr:`BoM (Bill of Materials)`

Define *product types* in Odoo to track products in varying levels of detail.

Classify products as *storable* to track stock counts, allowing users to trigger :doc:`reordering
rules <../product_replenishment/reordering_rules>` for generating purchase orders. *Consumable*
products are assumed to always be in stock, and *service* products are performed and served by the
business.

.. seealso::
   `Odoo Tutorials: Product Type <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l6j0ZkP5mLM>`_

Set product type
================

> To set a product type, go to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Products --> Product` and selecting

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To set a product type, go to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Products --> Product`, and select
```

the desired product.

On the product form, in the :guilabel:`Product Type` field, select:

> - :guilabel:`Storable` for products tracked with stock counts. Only storable products can trigger

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Storable Product` for products tracked with stock counts. Only storable products can trigger
```

  reordering rules for generating purchase orders

.. tip::

>    Choose :guilabel:`Storable` if it is necessary to track a product's stock at various locations,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   Choose :guilabel:`Storable Product` if it is necessary to track a product's stock at various locations,
```

>    inventory valuation, or lots and serial numbers.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   inventory valuations, or if the product has lots and serial numbers.
```
does that still ring true, with my rewording here?

Author: It does! Thank you for fixing up the language here (:

> - :guilabel:`Consumable` products are items always assumed to be in stock, but with untracked and

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Consumable` products are items that are always assumed to be in stock, but with untracked and
```

>   unforecasted quantities (e.g., nails, toilet paper, and coffee). Consumables are replaceable and

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  unforecasted quantities (e.g. nails, toilet paper, coffee, etc.). Consumables are replaceable and
```

  essential, but exact counts are unnecessary

> - :guilabel:`Service`: perform and sell services (e.g., maintenance, installation, repair)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Service`: perform and sell services (e.g. maintenance, installation, repair)
```

.. image:: type/product-form.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Set a product type on the product form.

.. note::
   The product types listed above are part of the standard *Inventory* app. For access to the fields
   below, install the corresponding apps **in addition** to *Inventory*.

>    To install additional applications, navigate to :menuselection:`Apps` and select the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   To install additional applications, navigate to the :menuselection:`Apps` application, and select the
```

   :guilabel:`Activate` button to install the desired apps or modules.

- :guilabel:`Booking Fees`: charge a fee for booking appointments through the *Calendar* and

>   *Appointment* apps. Requires the :guilabel:`Pay to Book` module to be installed

Author: Hi @tiku-odoo ! What do you think of these descriptions of product types, as the calendar expert?

Reviewer 4: This description looks fine. I need to familiarize myself with the pay-to-book module. You're good to go here, though. Booking of appointments would be through the appointments app (also the integration with website).

Author: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Booking Fees`: charge a fee for booking appointments through the
  *Appointment* app. Requires the *Calendar* app and :guilabel:`Pay to Book` module to be installed
```

     - Yes
     - No
     - No
   * - Create transfer
     - :ref:`Yes* <inventory/product_management/transfer-store>`
     - :ref:`Yes* <inventory/product_management/transfer-con>`
     - :ref:`No* <inventory/product_management/transfer-serv>`
   * - :doc:`Lot/serial number tracking <differences>`
     - Yes
     - No
     - No
   * - Create purchase order
     - Yes
     - :ref:`Yes* <inventory/product_management/po>`
     - No
   * - Can be manufactured or subcontracted
     - :ref:`Yes* <inventory/product_management/manufacture>`
     - :ref:`Yes* <inventory/product_management/manufacture>`
     - No
   * - Can be in a kit
     - Yes
     - Yes
     - No
   * - Placed in package
     - Yes
     - :ref:`Yes* <inventory/product_management/package>`
     - No
   * - Appears on Inventory report
     - :ref:`Yes <inventory/product_management/report>`
     - No
     - No

.. _inventory/product_management/on-hand-store:

On-hand quantity
----------------

A storable product's on-hand and forecasted quantities, based on incoming and outgoing orders, are
reflected on the product form, accessed by going to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Products -->

> Products`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Products`, and selecting the desired product.
```

.. figure:: type/on-hand.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Show "On Hand" and "Forecast" smart buttons.

>    Current and forecasted quantities displayed in the **On Hand** and **Forecasted** smart buttons

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   Current and forecasted quantities are displayed in the :guilabel:`On Hand` and :guilabel:`Forecasted` smart buttons
```

managed using reordering rules or lot/serial numbers.

.. _inventory/product_management/transfer-store:

Create transfer
---------------

*Transfers* are any warehouse operation, such as receipts, internal or batch transfers, or
deliveries.

When creating a transfer for storable products in the *Inventory* app, transfers modify the on-hand
quantity at each location.

For example, transferring five units from the internal location `WH/Stock` to `WH/Packing Zone`
decreases the recorded quantity at `WH/Stock` and increases it at `WH/Packing Zone`.

.. _inventory/product_management/transfer-con:

For consumable products, transfers can be created, but exact quantities at each storage location are
not tracked.

.. _inventory/product_management/transfer-serv:

Service products cannot be included in transfers, but these products can be `linked to projects and
tasks for deadline tracking <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fix2LGkv13c>`_.

.. _inventory/product_management/po:

Create purchase order
---------------------

Both storable and consumable products can be included in a request for quotation in the *Purchase*
app.

> However, when receiving consumable products, their on-hand quantity will not change upon validating

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
However, when receiving consumable products, their on-hand quantity does not change upon validating
```

the receipt (e.g. `WH/IN`).

.. _inventory/product_management/manufacture:

Manufacture or subcontract
--------------------------

Storable and consumable products can both be manufactured, subcontracted, or included in a bill of
materials (BoM).

.. figure:: type/manufacture.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Show "Bill of Materials" and "Used In" smart buttons.

>    When the **Bill of Materials** and **Used In** smart buttons are visible on the product form,

Reviewer 3: I'd throw a GUI on both of those smart button mentions because they appear on the UI -- 👍

Author: I agree that these deserve a GUI, but the caption text doesn't render like the rest of the doc.

When I use guilabel, no bold shows up
![image](https://github.com/odoo/documentation/assets/23611711/167b3b35-0173-40d6-ae38-c6d513089470)
![image](https://github.com/odoo/documentation/assets/23611711/f2d5b3ad-c5d0-4273-aee8-5e59275446cc)

However, when I use bold, just a littleee bit of bold shows up
![image](https://github.com/odoo/documentation/assets/23611711/379a198c-794e-4839-8d62-4673c3d6d3b2)

so even though it's wrong by our guidelines, to make the terms appear bolded in the result, I'm planning to not use guilabels in the captions.

What do you think about this?

   this indicates the product can be manufactured or used as a component of a |BOM|.

.. _inventory/product_management/package:

Packages
--------

Both storable and consumable products can be placed in packages.

.. seealso::
   :doc:`package`

However, for consumable products, the quantity is not tracked, and the product is not listed in the
package's :guilabel:`Contents`, accessed by going to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Products -->

> Packages` and selecting the desired package.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Packages`, and selecting the desired package.
```

.. figure:: type/package-content.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Show Packages page, containing the package contents list.

>    A consumable product was placed in the package, but the **Content** list does not list it.

Reviewer 3: should "Content" have a GUI here, as well --- what are your thoughts?

Author: Since this is another caption in the `figure` tag, the guilabel doesn't render as expected, so I decided to simply bold it (:

> If the *Move Entire Package* feature is enabled, moving a package updates the location of the

Reviewer 3: If I'm understanding correctly this feature is italicized because it's not immediately on the UI and is simply being used in a definition-like way. Is that right? 😄

Author: Yes! The term is italicized because the feature is being referred to, but it's currently not displayed on the UI

contained storable products. However, consumable products' locations are not updated.

.. _inventory/product_management/report:

Inventory report
----------------

**Only** storable products appear on the following reports.

The *stock report* is a comprehensive list of all on-hand, unreserved, incoming, and outgoing
storable products. The report is only available to users with :doc:`administrator access
<../../../../general/users/access_rights>`, and is found by navigating to :menuselection:`Inventory
app --> Reporting --> Stock`.

.. image:: type/stock-report.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Show stock reporting list found in Inventory > Reporting > Stock.

The *location report* is a breakdown of each location (internal, external, or virtual) and the
on-hand and reserved quantity of each storable product. The report is only available to users with
:doc:`administrator access <../../../../general/users/access_rights>`, and is found by navigating to

> :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Reporting --> Locations`.

Reviewer 3: correct me if I'm wrong, but doesn't 'Storage Locations' need to be activated as well in order to see this report?

Author: Great catch!!
```suggestion
The *location report* is a breakdown of each location (internal, external, or virtual) and the
on-hand and reserved quantity of each storable product. The report is only available with the *Storage Location* feature activated, and to users with
:doc:`administrator access <../../../../general/users/access_rights>`. Navigate to the location report by going to
:menuselection:`Inventory app --> Reporting --> Locations`.
```

Set product type
================

To set a product type, go to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Products --> Product`, and select
the desired product.

On the product form, in the :guilabel:`Product Type` field, select:

- :guilabel:`Storable Product` for products tracked with stock counts. Only storable products can
  trigger reordering rules for generating purchase orders

.. tip::
   Choose :guilabel:`Storable Product` if it is necessary to track a product's stock at various
   locations, inventory valuations, or if the product has lots and/or serial numbers.

- :guilabel:`Consumable`: products that are always assumed to be in stock, but with untracked and
  unforecasted quantities (e.g. nails, toilet paper, coffee, etc.). Consumables are replaceable and
  essential, but exact counts are unnecessary
- :guilabel:`Service`: perform and sell services (e.g. maintenance, installation, repair)

.. image:: type/product-form.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Set a product type on the product form.

.. note::
   The product types listed above are part of the standard *Inventory* app. For access to the fields

>    below, install the corresponding apps **in addition** to *Inventory*.
> 
>    To install additional applications, navigate to the :menuselection:`Apps` application, and select
>    the :guilabel:`Activate` button to install the desired apps or modules.

Reviewer 5: Suggestion to replace install instructions with a simple reference :)
```suggestion
   below, :ref:`install <general/install>` the corresponding apps **in addition** to *Inventory*.
```

- :guilabel:`Booking Fees`: charge a fee for booking appointments through the *Appointment* app.

>   Requires the installation of the *Calendar* app and :guilabel:`Pay to Book` module

Reviewer 5: The module name can follow the same format (italics) as an app name :) also suggesting to add the technical name of the module for specificity  
```suggestion
  Requires the installation of the *Calendar* app and *Pay to Book* (`appointment_account_payment`)
  module
```

Author: Great point!

> - :guilabel:`Combo`: create discounted products sold in a bundle, available with the *PoS* app
>   installed

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Combo`: create discounted products sold in a bundle. Requires the installation of the *PoS* app.
```

> - :guilabel:`Event Ticket`: sold to attendees wanting to go to an event. Requires installation of

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Event Ticket`: sold to attendees wanting to go to an event. Requires the installation of
```

  the *Events* app
- :guilabel:`Event Booth`: sold to partners or sponsors to set up a booth at an event. Requires

>   installation of the *Events* app

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  the installation of the *Events* app
```

> - :guilabel:`Course`: sell access to an educational course. Requires installation of the *eLearning*

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Course`: sell access to an educational course. Requires the installation of the *eLearning*
```

deliveries.

When creating a transfer for storable products in the *Inventory* app, transfers modify the on-hand
quantity at each location.

For example, transferring five units from the internal location `WH/Stock` to `WH/Packing Zone`
decreases the recorded quantity at `WH/Stock` and increases it at `WH/Packing Zone`.

.. _inventory/product_management/transfer-con:

For consumable products, transfers can be created, but exact quantities at each storage location are
not tracked.

.. _inventory/product_management/transfer-serv:

Service products cannot be included in transfers, but these products can be `linked to projects and
tasks for deadline tracking <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fix2LGkv13c>`_.

.. _inventory/product_management/po:

Create purchase order
---------------------

Both storable and consumable products can be included in a request for quotation in the *Purchase*
app.

However, when receiving consumable products, their on-hand quantity does not change upon validating
the receipt (e.g. `WH/IN`).

.. _inventory/product_management/manufacture:

Manufacture or subcontract
--------------------------

> Storable and consumable products can both be manufactured, subcontracted, or included in a bill of

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Storable and consumable products can be manufactured, subcontracted, or included in a bill of
```

materials (BoM).

.. figure:: type/manufacture.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Show "Bill of Materials" and "Used In" smart buttons.

   When the **Bill of Materials** and **Used In** smart buttons are visible on the product form,
   this indicates the product can be manufactured or used as a component of a |BOM|.

.. _inventory/product_management/package:

Packages
--------

> Both storable and consumable products can be placed in packages.
> 
> .. seealso::
>    :doc:`package`

Reviewer 5: Suggestion to use a reference instead of a seealso here only because I feel the seealso breaks the flow of this section, while a reference preserves it. Up to you!
```suggestion
Both storable and consumable products can be placed in :doc:`packages <package>`.
```

However, for consumable products, the quantity is not tracked, and the product is not listed in the
package's :guilabel:`Contents`, accessed by going to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Products -->
Packages`, and selecting the desired package.

.. figure:: type/package-content.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Show Packages page, containing the package contents list.

   A consumable product was placed in the package, but the **Content** list does not list it.

If the *Move Entire Package* feature is enabled, moving a package updates the location of the

> contained storable products. However, consumable products' locations are not updated.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
contained storable products. However, the location of consumable products are not updated.
```
